{ecotourism} R package (#1048)
rfordatascience/tidytuesday: data/curated/new_submission/weather.md

|variable   |class          |description                           |
|:----------|:--------------|:-------------------------------------|
|ws_id      |character      |Weather station ID (e.g., "948720-99999"). |
|stn_lat    |double         |Latitude of the weather station. |
|stn_lon    |double         |Longitude of the weather station. |
|date       |date           |Observation date (YYYY-MM-DD). |
|year       |double         |Year of observation. |
|month      |double         |Month of observation (1–12). |
|day        |integer        |Day of the month. |
|weekday    |character      |Day of the week. |

> |dayofyear  |double         |Day of the year (1–366). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|year       |integer        |Year of observation. |
|month      |integer        |Month of observation (1–12). |
|day        |integer        |Day of the month. |
|weekday    |character      |Day of the week. |
|dayofyear  |integer        |Day of the year (1–366). |
```

|temp       |double         |Average temperature (°C). |
|min        |double         |Minimum temperature (°C). |
|max        |double         |Maximum temperature (°C). |
|dewp       |double         |Dew point temperature (°C). |
|rh         |double         |Relative humidity (%). |
|prcp       |double         |Precipitation (mm). |

> |rainy      |double         |Binary flag indicating whether PRCP > 5 mm (1 = rainy day). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|rainy      |integer        |Binary flag indicating whether PRCP > 5 mm (1 = rainy day). |
```
